Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team
Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... Yes, You would give me kiss if I were on the soccer team,
I know this because you are girlfriend of Rasheem.
If I had a jersey with my number on the back,
Then you would be my girlfriend and you would give me smack.
When I'd dial a telephone call you would call me back,
You would take me for a ride in your Cadillac.
You would give me milk, to go with my Apple Jack,
But you dont. This hurt Hashmere like a thumb tack.
I play chess, but you dont care,
Still like soccer player with his very long hair.
And I ask for half a candy-cane you would not share,
This made me mad like a big grizzly bear!
Every time I try out for team I get chopped,
Coach says to me, Hashmeer you need to stop.
No I do not care, and I keep on trying because I think
You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team.

Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team.
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?
Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team.
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?

I like to paint, and I like to draw.
But that doesn't mean I can kick a soccer ball.
You dont even say hi when you see me in the hall.
Tried to give you kiss but you push me and I fall.
If I wore the Umbros and a pair of cleats,
Then you would want to do a sex on the bed sheets.
Then we would go out and get a bite to eat.
We would have a sandwich with lettuce and meat.
Then we'd go back home and watch Jerry Letterman.
I know you like Rasheem but Hashmeres the better man.
He might be good at soccer but I think he's too mean.
You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team!

Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team.
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?
Soccer, Soccer, Soccer... You would give me kiss if I were on soccer team.
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?

For two weeks I practice night and day,
But I'm still not good enough for the portion that we play.
Guess what I discover while I'm at the Jiffy Lube?
Hashmere is very good at Rubik's Cube.
I can separate white and red from the green,
I will chop a pony (and slightly give you teen?)
And yes, I am better at the Rubik's Cube than James Dean,
And I am better at the Rubik's Cube than Charlie Sheen.
If my pants be dirty I wash them and they're clean.
Could have been my queen,
I could have been your king,
But now all women want to date this mean machine.
I dont need you bitch, I'm on the Rubik's Cube team!

Rubik's, Rubik's, Rubik's... I dont need you and I dont need your soccer team
Cuz now bitch I'm on the Rubik's Cube team.
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?
Rubik's, Rubik's, Rubik's... I dont need you bitch or your soccer team
Know what I mean? Know what I mean?